Hi,

You've received this email because you've signed up for the Student
Robotics competition 2013 - thanks!

The first event of our year is KickStart [0], where we introduce what
the competition game will be, inform competitors of how to go about
building their robots, and how to use the electronics kit they'll be
working with. KickStart will be on Saturday the 13th of October, on the
University of Southampton's Highfield campus. Attendance isn't
mandatory, but comes highly recommended.

To enter a team into Student Robotics we need a team leader [1]
(presumably yourself) and the team of competitors. That means between
now and KickStart, you'll need to recruit the team of competitors. Our
only requirements on the team are that they are aged 16 to 18, and there
at at least three of them. Ideally, teams should have six or more members.

For schools we assume that most recruitment will happen from the start
of September. We can help by sending you posters to advertise Student
Robotics; and potentially someone to talk to potential competitors.
Please contact us to organize this, or if there's any other way we can
help you recruit competitors.

We'll be confirming places and making decisions about kit allocations in
the week before kickstart; to help us do this, please inform us about
how many people you have interested in competing and whether or not you
can make it to KickStart, by Saturday the 6th of October.

We'll contact you again closer to KickStart; We'll also provide more
information on the actual competition soon - currently the *preliminary*
date for the two day event is the weekend of the 13th and 14th of April
2013, on the University of Southampton's Highfield campus. Once our
bookings are confirmed, we'll confirm the date to you and provide more
information on the event.

[0] https://www.studentrobotics.org/schools/kickstart
[1] https://www.studentrobotics.org/schools/team-leaders/
