Hi,

The Student Robotics build period is now under way -- we hope your team
is now prototyping designs, writing code, and planning strategies for
the competition game!

Over the next few months we'll be trying to supply advice and support
for teams when building their robots. We'll be running a series of "Tech
days", events where you can work on your robot and a number of our
volunteers will be available to answer questions and give advice. We
also aim to send a mentor to visit the team regularly for similar
reasons -- to arrange this we need to know what time/place that your
team regularly meets.

If you're not in the immediate vicinity of one of our primary
points-of-presence (Bristol, Southampton) then we still may be able to
provide mentor contact remotely, via phone or similar. We'd appreciate
information about your meeting times so that we can organize this too.

~

The first set of tech days have been confirmed, for the Universities of
Bristol and Southampton they're on the 30th of November, and for the
University of Surrey it's the 7th of December. Full details are on the
events pages for each event [0, 1, 2]. If you're planning on attending
at tech day, RSVP to info@studentrobotics.org in advance, please.

We'll be announcing each tech day via email when they become confirmed,
and a full list of them will be on the 'key events' page [3].

For every tech day you should bring your team, their robot, and any
tools you need to work on the robot (unfortunately we can't provide
tools to you at these events). Transport, location and food information
are on the event pages. Please note that attending teams must have some
form of adult supervision, arranged by yourself, as we can't supply
primary supervision at these events ourselves.

[0]
https://www.studentrobotics.org/events/sr2014/2013-11-30-bristol_tech_day_1
[1]
https://www.studentrobotics.org/events/sr2014/2013-11-30-soton_tech_day_1
[2]
https://www.studentrobotics.org/events/sr2014/2013-12-07-surrey_tech_day_1
[3] https://www.studentrobotics.org/key_dates

-- Thanks, Jeremy 
